A dream, huh...?
What was that...all about...?
Hidden Leaf Library
Nightmare
In order to have others quickly understand you...
first you must get closer to their spirits.
For example, when calling people by their names,
it is impersonal to call people using "san" or "kun."
You will never get closer to them like that.
You might first try taking the plunge
and call people by their first name only...
or try using a nickname or term of endearment.
If you do that, others will feel much more familiar about you...
as a special person...
I get it...
Oh, found it.
What...? Isn't that Sai?
Make-Out Paradise is...
Did you come looking for a book of paintings or something?
Sakura...
So, you read books, huh...?
Well...a little bit.
So even Sai has quite a human side to him, huh...?
Naruto and I were just on our way
to visit Kakashi Sensei in the hospital...
Why don't you come with us?
Kakashi...Sensei...
You're on Team Kakashi too, so you should meet him...
Revenge is everything to me.
If I can carry out my revenge,
it's no concern of mine what happens to me, or to this world.
But if I can obtain the power to accomplish that
by giving my body to Orochimaru,
then I'll give him as much of this life of mine as he wants.
I can see it now...
So this is your unknown power, huh...?
Who would've thought...
you'd have something like this inside of you...
Why did I have that dream...?
Naruto!
What? Sai's with you, too?
I bumped into him at the library.
Oh...and here I was working out my plan to walk with you,
just the two of us, like we were on a date!
If you've got the time to be doing that,
you should be studying up on Ninjutsu or something!
Study, huh...?
How can you guys even go to a stuffy place like that?
You should train your mind a little and not just your body.
You're really an idiot, after all.
I knew it... Sakura is calling Naruto only by his first name...
That's harsh, Sakura.
N-Naruto, S-Sakura...
Could you guys include me in the conversation, too?
Oh! Well, I read in a book...
about how to open up to other people right away...
And in the book, it said to call people by their first names only
and to use nicknames and terms of endearment...
It said if I did that there would be a sense of friendliness
and we'd be able to get along right away.
Oh, so you're concerned about stuff like that, huh?
So that's what you were doing in the library...
Yeah.
And...I was thinking about nicknames
and terms of endearment for you guys...
But I couldn't really come up with anything good...
So I'll just call you guys by just your first names for now...
I can't believe Sai would think so seriously about us...
You don't need to think about stuff like that.
It just happens naturally!
For nicknames or terms of endearment,
you should just say that person's character trait.
For example, if you're talking about Naruto...
Idiot Naruto! Or moron Naruto! Or something.
Sakura, you're taking things too far with that.
I get it...A person's character trait...
I can't believe this is Sai...
He's totally different from when I first met him...
Huh...?
You don't have to stare at me like that...
Thank you. I've got the hang of it now...
Ugly.
Sai, you're really taking things too far with that!
Huh? What do you mean?
Sakura, why'd you have to hit me, too...?
I see... You're the new team member.
Sai, was it? Nice to meet you.
Right.
Sakura, come here for a second.
Those two are hurt... Did they fight or something?
It'd be no stretch of the imagination with someone hot-tempered like Naruto...
N-No, nothing happened at all... We're all getting along fine!
Oh, I see...Then I guess it's okay.
This is Kakashi Hatake,
the one rumored about in the Anbu Black Ops Training Division.
Naruto...
Yeah...
Kakashi Sensei... About our previous mission...
I heard about everything from Yamato.
About Sasuke, too...
We don't have time...
At this rate, he'll soon be...
But I can't bring Sasuke back with the power I have now...
He's gotten too powerful...
Well then, you just have to get more powerful, right?
But...the speed of Sasuke's development was extraordinary even in my eyes.
When I asked Lady Tsunade,
she said there's a possibility they're using Forbidden Jutsu
and perhaps drugs in his training...
And they've got Kabuto with them, so...
There's probably no way to find out, in a book like this,
how people who conduct experiments on humans think...
Then we just have to rapidly get more powerful.
But how do we do that?
Did you think I was just lying here not thinking about anything?
I thought about that the whole time.
And...I figured it out.
However, this approach is suited for Naruto...
Or...rather I should say it's an approach only Naruto can do.
In that training...
in a sense you might just exceed me, Naruto.
I'll...exceed you, Kakashi Sensei?
That's right.
I'll be with you the whole time on this training.
And it will be a different type of training...
Wh-What're we going to do...?
We're going to create a Ninjutsu of ultimate strength just for you.
In other words,
you're going to learn a new Ninjutsu that will exceed the Rasengan.
However, the acquisition of such a power
will require an enormous amount of time and effort.
You can't get strong instantly after just a few days
like the hero in a novel.
And it's completely different from
being carefully taught and learning a Jutsu
like the Rasengan that has already been created.
An enormous amount of time...
But I just said we don't have time! Sasuke will be...
What I'm saying is, I figured out a way to do it in a short amount of time.
How do we do it...?
Well...
How're you doing, Kakashi?
Asuma Sensei, you could at least knock!
Hello.
Why it's Naruto and Sakura...
Is your mission already...
You're that guy from back then...
Wh-Who is he...?
Why is all of this happening so suddenly today...?
Relax. First, smile...
Hello.
Thanks...for the report.
I'll be going now.
The Akatsuki activity is finally getting into full swing.
It's only a matter of time
before they start churning things up around the Leaf.
Indeed, this is a significant crisis.
But that's also our chance to attack them.
We can't just sit around anymore.
Hidden Leaf Hospital
Oh, so that's what was going on.
I buy that.
My name's Sai. Please just call me by my first name.
Hey, he's pretty cute... He kind of resembles Sasuke, too.
On the outside. But he's quite different on the inside.
He can't really read the mood of a room, you see.
I heard about Sasuke from Lady Tsunade.
I'll help you guys out in the future should something happen.
I'm finished with those troublesome Chunin Exams, after all.
You missed out on becoming a Chunin again, huh?
Yeah...
Well, I guess that was the least of your problems, huh...?
What're you doing here with the whole gang in town?
This isn't a break room, you know.
That's right... You guys go on ahead to "Barbe-Q."
You guys from Team Kakashi should go too if you want.
Yay! Barbeque!
I second that!
I'll sit next to Sai!
I need to talk to Kakashi alone about a few things.
The barbeque is on me, okay?
Hey, just a minute!
Listen! Listen!
What about the rest of the discussion about my training?!
That's right...Hmm...
Well, we'll get to that later.
Later?! I'm really curious about it!
Well, we can't start training while I'm still in the hospital.
Don't be so impatient.
What took you so long, Sakura?
What? Where's Shikamaru?
He said he was going home
because he has to get some horns for medicinal use with his father.
No kidding?
He always shows up for end-of-mission parties...
This is a first for him...
She isn't taking my advice...
All right! I'll eat Shikamaru's share!
Hey, Choji!
We have to introduce ourselves to Sai before we eat.
Oh, oh...right.
It appears things have started getting turbulent outside the land...
I knew it...
As long as their objective is the Tailed Beasts,
it's a foregone conclusion that they'll target this village,
I mean, Naruto.
There's no need to leave me out, right?
I'm also concerned about Akatsuki developments.
Will Naruto...be okay?
If those guys from the Akatsuki attack...
Even Gaara couldn't...
Well, he probably won't be okay.
Right now anyway.
Hi...
First meetings are very important in order to quickly open up to people...
I have to decide on nicknames and terms of endearment right away...
Uh, I'm Choji Akimichi of the Akimichi Clan.
Nice to meet you. Uh, you're Sai, right?
Nice to meet you...uh...
Character trait...character trait...
Don't tell me...
He's not going to say that taboo word, is he?!
Fa...
Sai! "Fatty" is absolutely a taboo word in front of Choji. Got it?!
Did he... start to say something just now?
No, it's nothing... I see.
It sure is tough coming up with nicknames...
My name's Ino Yamanaka.
My family owns the Yamanaka Flower Shop.
Nice to meet you.
In the case of a girl,
saying a character trait just makes them angry...
In other words, if I say the opposite...
Don't do it, Sai...
Go, Sai! Let her have it good!
Nice to meet you...uh... pretty lady.
Why do you say that when it's Ino?!
Stop it, Sakura!
Rat, Snake, Monkey, Rabbit, Rabbit, Rooster, Ox, Ox, Monkey, Rat...
Ram, Dragon, Boar, Boar, Horse Rabbit, Rabbit, Dragon, Tiger, Rabbit...
Rooster, Boar, Snake, Dragon, Rat Rat, Boar, Dragon, Snake, Monkey...
Snake, Rooster, Ox, Snake, Snake Horse, Horse, Ram, Rooster, Dog...
Dog, Dragon, Rat, Rat, Tiger, Rooster Dragon, Rabbit, Monkey, Monkey...
Ox, Snake, Rabbit, Dragon...
Wrong one, huh...?
Okay, time for some training.
What is it?
Well, it's been a long time since I've trained with you.
And I don't really know why, but I'm glad.
I see.
Laugh it up while you can.
The purpose of this training is
to create a Ninjutsu of ultimate power just for you.
It will be a Jutsu that will exceed the Rasengan.
It will be a Jutsu that will exceed the Rasengan?
Next time: "Wind"